Previously
on "the secret circle"...
16 years ago,
what Blackwell really wanted
from the circle
was children.
Enough Balcoin blood
to ensure that the next
circle would be dark
at its very core.
We found out
that my father
made sure that our parents
got pregnant
so that he could come back
and use our circle.
Blackwell's using
them to build a crystal skull.
He says he needs it
to fight the witch hunters.
We can't give
the most evil man we know
the world's most
powerful weapon.
Eben got away.
- Where's Faye?
- He took her.
But we have
the sixth crystal.
We can build
the skull.
We can save her.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Wait.
Please just tell me I've been
asleep for two straight days
and we're halfway
across the country.
Not quite.
You fell asleep two hours ago,
halfway to the brew.
I didn't think you
wanted to go back home,
so I parked.
I like my version better.
Hmm.
I'm sorry.
It's been doing that
all night.
I glanced over
a couple times,
just to make sure
that it was no...
wake-up warranted
emergencies.
But it was just some
stuff about Faye
and a guy named Eben.
I have to go.
Like usual.
Because an uninterrupted
moment with you
is just too much
to ask for
do you really want me to
take you across the country?
I will, you know.
I know.
And I do. Someday.
Aah!
Relax!
I don't think you realize
I'm a very powerful witch.
Without your friends,
you're nothing but
a little girl in a cheap dress.
This dress is not cheap.
Ahh!
Can I borrow
your phone?
Give me your hands!
Let's see what
your life's worth.
♪ La da da da da ♪
♪ da da da da da ♪
♪ da da da da da da ♪
♪ The Secret Circle 01x22 ♪
Family
Original Air Date on May 10, 2012
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
We have to find her.
There has to be
some spell, right?
Not that we know of,
or have ever done.
Why can't we just
ask your father?
No. No way.
You didn't
tell them?
Yes. I told them
every horrible detail.
We know what he did.
We know Blackwell
manipulated our parents
into creating our circle.
But we still need help.
He's a lying,
power hungry lunatic.
We came together because
our power as a circle
is stronger than
it was individually.
Let's use that
to get Faye.
The six of us together
couldn't stop Samuel,
and he only had one
demon in him. Eben has six.
It's her.
Faye?
No. But I have her
right here.
Don't you dare touch her.
Bring a crystal
to the ferry boat
where I killed
your parents.
Or she'll burn
like they did.
Why? The demons running
around your brain isn't
doing it for you?
You need some extra
crystal magic?
No, I like the
demons very much.
Which is why I need
one of your crystals
so you can't form
the crystal skull.
He'll trade Faye
for one crystal.
Ok, we do it.
And trust Eben?
He'll never give Faye up.
The only chance Faye has
is if we kill Eben
before he hurts her.
And the only way to do that
is with the crystal skull.
Are you sure?
The only reason
we think that
is because Blackwell
told us,
and we know we can't
trust him.
My grandfather said that
it's the most dangerous
weapon ever created.
Eben only wants a crystal
so that we can't form
the crystal skull.
It must be the way
to kill him.
And Blackwell
is the only one
who knows
how to work it.
And we'd have to be there
to put it together.
What?
Balcoin blood.
According to Blackwell,
we're not only connected
to the crystals,
we're also connected
to the skull.
Look, whether
we trust him or not,
it's better for you
to be there.
That way you can make
sure Blackwell
and the skull
get to that boat.
We'll meet you there.
We need a backup plan
if the skull doesn't
come through.
If we stay away from Eben,
our circle magic can stop
the witch hunters.
Ok. I guess that is
our best chance.
After Faye's safe,
then we can figure out
how to deal with Blackwell,
using the strength
of our circle.
I hope it's not
too late.
Thank God you called.
Dawn, I think Amelia
was here.
What?
Everything that I did
when I killed her,
it happened to me.
First, the water.
Then flames.
I know it sounds insane--
Not really.
Blackwell told me he
wanted to destroy you.
That Diana's loyalty to you
was getting in his way.
So he wanted me to think that I
was being haunted by Amelia's ghost.
And I did just
what he wanted.
I admitted to Diana
that I killed Amelia.
She ran out, and I haven't
been able to reach her since.
I can't find Faye,
either.
Something terrible
is happening, Charles.
And our blind quest for power
helped set it all in motion.
We're the ones that brought
Cassie Blake back home.
We have to get
our powers back
and help the circle.
And there's one person that can
make that happen.
There he is.
That's where
my mother died.
All of our mothers.
I thought I'd feel closure
or something, but I don't.
I just feel angry.
I know.
Wow, this place
is beautiful.
Ceremonies here
date back
to our ancestors' first arrival
in Chance Harbor.
What do we have to do?
In order to create
the skull,
we first have to
destroy each family crystal
and let their energies
reform...
back into their original
collective shape.
But in doing so,
your powers are no longer
connected to a crystal.
Or to each other.
Which means your circle
will be unbound.
No. No way.
We can't unbind the circle.
Not without talking
to the others.
This is the only way
to create the skull.
- Diana.
- What?
The circle makes us
stronger, remember?
What if this is
the only way?
It can't be.
I'm afraid it is.
Now look, I know
it's hard to accept.
They are waiting for us
at the ferry.
Our friends.
Where
the witch hunters are.
What happens to them
if we unbind?
I'm not sure.
But what I do know
is what happens
if we don't put together
the skull.
Faye dies.
We don't have a choice.
Let's get started.
Each one of you
come forward,
take two crystals.
Come on.
Now what?
We wait for the skull
to come to us.
Let's go.
Go where?
We're waiting for
Cassie and Diana.
We'll come back.
I have to see
if Faye's ok.
Jake!
Don't be an idiot.
We're only going
up against the witch hunters
if the skull plan
falls through.
It's too dangerous.
Did you guys
feel that?
Yeah, like my heart
skipped a beat.
I felt it, too.
Look, I'm getting
on that boat, ok?
They won't see me.
I have to know
she's alive.
Jake, stop!
Ahh! Aah!
What the hell?
You two are ganging
up on me now?
What happened to
the circle's our strength?
I didn't do it,
I swear.
No, no. It was me.
I felt it.
I have my solo magic back.
That means the circle's not
bound anymore.
I am calling
Cassie and Diana.
None of us are getting
on that boat
until we figure out
what is going on.
Ahh!
Please let this
be happening.
Oh, I am so back.
My phone.
Who's
the little girl now?
Hello, mother.
Where's Diana?
We don't know.
Something's happened
to the circle,
and we need our powers back
to track them down.
Faye. Are you all right?
Mom, I'm so, so sorry,
but I've kind of got myself into
a lot of trouble
and I need your help.
The thing is,
I know I'm a witch.
I know. Just tell me
where you are.
How did you know? Have
you been reading my journal?
Faye, it doesn't matter.
Just tell me where you are.
Eben has us on
the ferry boat.
I can't get out because they're
guarding all the exits.
Eben?
Oh, my God.
Look, I'm coming
to get you, all right?
He has demons in him,
mom.
So if you've got any kick-ass
magic you've been hiding,
now would be the time
to whip it out.
Ahh!
Faye? Faye!
Get off me.
She's on the ferry.
- Is Diana with her?
- I don't know.
Look, I know you wish
you could've done more
to stop what happened
16 years ago.
Please, let's not let it
happen again.
Your power was destroyed
when we stripped it.
It can't be
restored.
So I'm going to
give you mine.
It's coming.
Cassie,
what are you doing?
I can feel it.
Hurry!
Pick it up while
it's still forming.
Pick it up.
Its power
is amazing.
Diana.
It's ok.
In fact,
it's awesome.
Whatever happens,
do not remove your hands.
It's done.
Cassie, we are
really worried.
Call me.
Something is
definitely wrong.
What if Blackwell
did something to them?
Eben is expecting
a crystal.
How long do you think
he's gonna--
Ok, is there anything other
than death
that could unbind
the circle?
I don't know.
I hope so.
But I'm getting Faye
out of there.
How, Jake?
Our power isn't as strong
if we're unbound.
I don't know. But right now
she's more alone than we are.
I'm not letting her
die in there.
I'm coming with you.
I have to go back
for Cassie and Diana.
Wait.
Be careful.
Call me when
you know anything.
I will.
Hey, Adam.
Try not to get killed.
You, too.
It's ready.
Why can't I hold it?
No. They are waiting
for us.
Every second counts.
This is gonna stop Eben,
kill the demons
inside him?
Yeah.
Just hard to imagine.
It's so beautiful.
The skull reflects
your own power
without limitations.
It's like you said,
I felt my connection to it.
But Diana's right.
We're in a hurry.
Just give it back to me.
Why can't I be the one
to use the skull against Eben?
'Cause your dark magic isn't
advanced enough.
And you don't know
what you're dealing with.
Now give it to me.
Yeah, why can't
Cassie do it?
She's just as connected
to it as you are.
If she needs help,
you can guide her.
Nice touch.
Playing up your connection
to the skull.
What do you mean?
I just want to be the one
to kill Eben.
We all have
the same goal, right?
No, Cassie, we don't
have the same goal.
But we will.
Can you give us
a minute?
Of course.
Thank you.
I need to tell you
something.
I've learned that Diana's
not my daughter.
Of course she is.
Blood doesn't
define a family.
You've love that
beautiful girl since birth,
and so have I.
You knew?
I suspected.
But it made
no difference.
She's ours.
I can't let anything
happen to her.
Charles, the demons
Eben harbors
can't simply
be killed,
not without
the crystal skull.
I know there's
another way.
This is my chance
for redemption
and to do something
worthy of my daughter.
But I need your help.
Faye!
Jake, what are you
doing here?
Nice to see you, too.
If anything had
happened to you,
I don't know
what I would have--
I'm ok.
Thank you for coming.
Guys, there will be
plenty of time to cry
if we can get out
of here.
Ahh!
Jake!
Aah!
I can't move.
Time to die.
Diana.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
I'm sorry,
but I need you both here.
But we need the skull
to stop Eben...
Who's on the ferry.
Yeah. Maybe some of the others
will find a way to stop him,
but it doesn't
really matter.
Why doesn't it
matter?
I know this is hard
to understand,
but everything
that I have done,
everything that I'm doing,
is for you.
Soon you'll be free.
Free to finally be the witches
you were always meant to be.
The ash
is blocking our power.
I'm getting really tired
of these robes
and this
stupid pole.
Your friends abandoned you.
I may not have the crystal,
but at least I'll
have the pleasure
of watching you burn.
You don't
have to do this.
But I do.
Because of what you are.
Abominations.
You do realize
you're full of demons,
amongst other things.
Condemning us?
You're the one
that should burn.
You should
be grateful, Jake.
Now you can finally
join your parents.
Uhh!
Aah!
Smoke.
Eben.
Oh, God.
It's not just Faye.
He's got three of them.
Go around
the other way.
I'll deal with him.
Charles,
are you sure?
Go.
Exire daemonem voco.
What are you doing?
Exe daemonem voco.
Aah!
Mom!
Exire daemonem voco.
Where's Eben?
Come on.
Take them.
I'll meet you outside.
What are you doing?
Jake!
This isn't over.
It is for you.
Uhh!
This is for
my parents...
and Nick.
Did you ever plan
on killing Eben?
You didn't, did you?
You just needed Eben
to scare us
into finding
the crystals.
Witch hunters have
always been the best way
to galvanize witches.
You did it before,
16 years ago.
You led our parents
to the same ferry boat
to fight
the witch hunters.
You left them
to die.
Why manipulate them
into having children,
then send them off
to be killed?
So we'd
become orphans?
A circle of broken, vulnerable,
easy to manipulate witches,
desperate to find a leader
to help battle our enemies.
But my mother
figured it out.
She tried to get
the others not to go.
She and Ethan tried
to kill you.
Yeah.
That was disappointing.
But it gave me
a good opportunity
to disappear and wait
for you to be ready.
Which you are.
Charles!
Charles,
what have you done?
Tell Diana
that I love her.
Ego vocare te
tenebris magicae.
Exsurge hunc crystallo.
Ego vocare te
tenebris magicae.
Exsurge hunc crystallo.
Ego vocare te
tenebris magicae.
Exsurge hunc crystallo.
If you're not using
the skull to kill witch hunters,
what is it for?
To kill witches.
Every single one
without Balcoin blood.
What's happening?
I feel like I'm burning
from the inside.
How can you kill
witches?
Because they're weak.
And their weaknesses
kept us victims
for 2,000 years.
But the time's finally
come for a cleansing.
Let's scorch the earth.
Let's burn
the weak blooded.
And clear the way.
For what?
The other Balcoin
children.
4 more born
in other towns,
raised in other circles.
And they're coming here
to join you.
Jake's grandfather
was right.
You want to build
a circle of Balcoin witches.
The perfect circle,
the purest race.
Together you will be
a weapon more powerful
than any crystal skull.
You'll be able to destroy
the witch hunters once and for all.
And anything that
stands in your way.
We can change the world.
As a family.
No!
Adam!
Aah!
The skull's
burning him.
It's burning
all of them.
Aah!
My dark magic,
it's not strong enough.
What do we do?
I need
your power.
Cassie,
what are you doing?
What are you doing?
Killing you.
Together we're stronger
than he is.
What are you doing?
Reversing the spell.
Stop!
Ahh!
Aah!
Stop fighting it.
We share
the same blood.
We're the same.
Look, none of this
should have ever happened.
I just...I wanted so badly
to believe in him.
John Blackwell
fooled all of us.
Yeah, but I should have
known it was wrong.
And I am sorrier than any
of you will ever know.
That's behind us.
Now we have to destroy
the skull
so nothing like this
can ever happen again.
How? I thought it was
indestructible.
We could surround it
with lead
to block its power and so
no one can ever detect it
and, I don't know, throw it
in the middle of the ocean.
I've used it before.
Its power is more than
I have ever experienced.
It's dark and seductive.
Look, I don't want
to go near it.
Fine, I'll do it.
Definitely not you.
Then who?
Ex-witch hunter,
evil princess number two?
Adam.
No one's more reliable.
Thank you for coming
to save us today.
I was useless.
Blackwell's power
was too strong.
Yeah, Adam should
ditch the skull.
All those moral merit badges
should add up to something.
Ok, I'll do it.
Creating this horrible thing
is what broke our circle.
But we can't stay that way.
Being divided is
what Blackwell wanted.
You want to rebind
the circle?
Maybe we
shouldn't.
With Eben gone
and Blackwell,
maybe we should
just lay low for a while.
People, ghosts,
demons,
they all started coming after us
once we were bound.
It might be safer
if we're not.
Well, we can still
be together,
even if we're not bound.
When you showed up
on the boat
and saved my ass,
I knew we were connected,
even if it's not official anymore.
Ok, look, Blackwell said there
are more Balcoins coming.
Everything he did,
everyone he killed,
or tried to,
it's all because
he wanted Diana and I
to be a part of
a Balcoin circle.
But the six of us
being bound together,
I mean, that's our
greatest protection
from letting that
ever happen.
I can't.
I'm sorry. I...
I'm leaving town,
so I guess that's it.
Diana, wait.
Diana, wait!
I have to get
away from here,
from the memories
of all this.
I'm--I'm sorry
about Charles.
He saved all of us.
He also did some
terrible things,
some unforgivable
things.
Please stay.
Bound or not,
you are my sister.
And you are the only family
I have left.
No matter where
I go,
that is never
gonna change.
But I have got to
get out of here.
I've lost
everything.
I honestly don't even know
who I am anymore.
No one understands that
better than me.
Ok, that's exactly how I felt
when I came to Chance Harbor,
but you--you took care of me.
Now, please, just let me
help you now.
I know you had to activate my
dark magic for us to get free,
but now that I've felt
its power,
I never want
to feel it again.
I cannot get away
from dark magic
and be with you
at the same time.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Come on.
Let me take you
home.
Tempting.
But I have plans.
Really?
Yep.
Between being kidnapped by
witch hunters
and almost dying,
you made plans?
Yes.
Maybe some other time.
Yeah...Definitely
another time.
Ahem. Hey.
I didn't know if
you'd actually be here.
Neither did I.
You sure about this?
Yes.
Are you sure?
What the hell's
going on?
We're celebrating.
What, exactly?
Being alive. And having our solo
magic back, of course.
Get dressed,
we're going out.
I know that one
fits you.
Faye, it's Sunday night
in Chance Harbor.
There's nothing going on.
You've got it
all wrong.
Think big.
We have solo magic.
We can make this town whatever
we want.
Hmm?
Ok, I like it.
So our new motto is less
being burned at the stake
and more fun.
Mm-hmm.
To solo magic.
About damn time.
Who is that?
The hot taxi driver
I ordered.
Yeah, of course.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org